fix: migration guide added for logs data migration (#849)
SigNoz/signoz.io: data/docs/operate/migration/upgrade-0.55.mdx

- `-password` : Specify password of clickhouse. `default=""`

> ## Migrate Data From Old Table to New Table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrate Data from Old Table to New Table
```

- capitalisation of `from` not needed
- no period at end

If you already kept SigNoz version `>=0.53` && `<v0.55` running for at-least 15 days i.e the default retention period this is not required as data will already be backfilled.

This guide will help migrate the data from old table to new table.

> For migrating the data data you will need to get start and end timestamp which is the duration of logs data that you want to migrate from the old table to the new table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For migrating the data you will need to get the start and end timestamp which is the duration of logs data that you want to migrate from the old table to the new table.
```

   ```
  select timestamp from signoz_logs.distributed_logs order by timestamp asc limit 1
  ```
* Get the ending timestamp
  ```
  select timestamp from signoz_logs.distributed_logs_v2 order by timestamp asc limit 1
  ```
  Incase you find empty response for the above query, please make sure that you upgraded to version `>=0.53` first.

Next we will run the migrator with arguments that will copy the data from the old to the new table.

### For Docker

```bash
docker run --name signoz-migrate-55-data --network clickhouse-setup_default \
  -it -d signoz/migrate:0.55-data -host=clickhouse -port=9000 -dest_host=clickhouse -dest_port=9000 -start_ts=<START_TIMESTAMP> -end_ts=<END_TIMESTAMP> -batch_size=40000 -batch_duration=5
```

Please replace `<START_TIMESTAMP>` and `<END_TIMESTAMP>`

Here 
* **start_ts** is the starting timestamp for the logs data to be migrated
* **end_ts** is the ending timestamp for the logs data to be migrated
* **batch_duration** is the window size of the data that will be fetched from the old table
* **batch_size** is the size of the batches that will be written to the new table

Steps to check logs:

```bash
docker logs -f signoz-migrate-55-data
```

> In case of failure and have to run again, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of failure and you have to run the script again, 
```

> In case of failure and you have to run the script again, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of any failure, you have to run the script again with updated ending timestamp.
```

* Get the updated ending timestamp

>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```sql
```

  select timestamp from signoz_logs.distributed_logs_v2 order by timestamp asc limit 1
  ```
* Make sure to cleanup the container before running the migration script again. 
  ```bash
  docker stop signoz-migrate-55-data

  docker rm signoz-migrate-55-data
  ```

### For Kubernetes

* Create a `pod.yaml` file

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: signoz-migrate-data
spec:
  restartPolicy: Never
  containers:
    - name: signoz-migrate-data
      image: signoz/migrate:0.55-data
      args:
        - "-host=my-release-clickhouse"

>         - "-dest_host=my-release-clickhouse"

Reviewer: Replace `my-release` with `<RELEASE>`

        - "-username=admin"
        - "-dest_username=admin"
        - "-password=<ADMIN_PASSWORD>"
        - "-dest_password=<ADMIN_PASSWORD>"
        - "-start_ts=<START_TIMESTAMP>"
        - "-end_ts=<END_TIMESTAMP>"
        - "-batch_size=40000"
        - "-batch_duration=5"
      resources:
        requests:
          cpu: 1000m
          memory: 1Gi
```

> 

Reviewer: include instructions to create pod using the yaml.

```suggestion

Now, create the `signoz-migrate-data` pod using the YAML:

```yaml
kubectl -n <NAMESPACE> apply -f pod.yaml
```

```

Please replace `<ADMIN_PASSWORD>`, `<START_TIMESTAMP>` and `<END_TIMESTAMP>`

To get the `<ADMIN_PASSWORD>`
```bash
RELEASE=my-release
NAMESPACE=platform
ADMIN_PASSWORD=$(
  kubectl -n $NAMESPACE get clickhouseinstallations.clickhouse.altinity.com $RELEASE-clickhouse \
  -o jsonpath --template '{.spec.configuration.users.admin/password}'
)

echo $<ADMIN_PASSWORD>
```

Here 
* **start_ts** is the starting timestamp for the logs data to be migrated
* **end_ts** is the ending timestamp for the logs data to be migrated
* **batch_duration** is the window size of the data that will be fetched from the old table

> * **batch_size** is the size of the batches that will be written to the new table

Reviewer: This section  seems to be redundant across Docker and Kubernetes.
Can this be moved to a single section? If not, at least a shared template?

Steps to check logs:

```bash
kubectl -n $NAMESPACE logs -f signoz-migrate-data
```

> In case of failure and have to run again, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of failure and you have to run the script again, 
```

> In case of failure and you have to run the script again, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of any failure, you have to run the script again with updated ending timestamp.
```

* Get the updated ending timestamp

>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sql
```

  select timestamp from signoz_logs.distributed_logs_v2 order by timestamp asc limit 1
  ```
* Make sure to cleanup the container before running the migration script again. 
  ```bash
  kubectl -n $NAMESPACE delete pod signoz-migrate-data
  ```

## In case of Upgrade Failure

> If you face any issue, reach out to us at [Slack](https://signoz.io/slack).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you face any issue, reach out to us on [Slack](https://signoz.io/slack).
```

- `-password` : Specify password of clickhouse. `default=""`

## Migrate Data from Old Table to New Table

If you already kept SigNoz version `>=0.53` && `<v0.55` running for at-least 15 days i.e the default retention period this is not required as data will already be backfilled.

This guide will help migrate the data from old table to new table.

For migrating the data you will need to get the start and end timestamp which is the duration of logs data that you want to migrate from the old table to the new table.

#### For Docker
* Exec into clickhouse container
  ```bash
  docker exec -it signoz-clickhouse /bin/bash
  
  clickhouse client
  ```
* Get the starting timestamp 
  ```sql
  select timestamp from signoz_logs.distributed_logs order by timestamp asc limit 1
  ```
* Get the ending timestamp
  ```sql
  select timestamp from signoz_logs.distributed_logs_v2 order by timestamp asc limit 1
  ```

>   Incase you find empty response for the above query, please make sure that you upgraded to version `>=0.53` first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In case of empty response from the above query, please make sure that you upgraded to version `>=0.53` first.
```

### For Kubernetes

- Exec into your clickhouse container
  ```bash
  kubectl exec -n platform -it chi-my-release-clickhouse-cluster-0-0-0 -- sh

  clickhouse client
  ```
* Get the starting timestamp 
  ```sql
  select timestamp from signoz_logs.distributed_logs order by timestamp asc limit 1
  ```
* Get the ending timestamp
  ```sql
  select timestamp from signoz_logs.distributed_logs_v2 order by timestamp asc limit 1
  ```

>   Incase you find empty response for the above query, please make sure that you upgraded to version `>=0.53` first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In case of empty response from the above query, please make sure that you upgraded to version `>=0.53` first.
```
